The textbook is titled History of Modern Tabulation. The first
chapter begins, By the year 1919FF, computers had become so
small that they could be mounted on small auto-locomotive carts.
These mobile tabulators (later known as "robots") were
programmed to carry out everyday, menial tasks, leaving their
human counterparts to live lives of idle luxury. For example, in
the city of Chicago, mobile tabulators were programmed to carry
out diverse jobs including law enforcement, bank robbery,
investment banking, and waste management.

At one time, many humans demanded that their cybernetic
neighbors be given the right to choose alternative occupations.
Despite this call for workplace equality, most of the tabulators
found that they were most content while performing their
assigned roles. Those that took other jobs were often
unmotivated and spend most of their time pondering useless ideas
such as free will and consciousness.

The great tabulator-philosopher Turning stated that only by
embracing its true purpose can a tabulator achieve something
indistinguishable from happiness. According to observers,
however, Turning was unfulfilled by his work as a philosopher
and, soon after making this statement, returned to his work as a
tool machinist.

The textbook rattles on in a similar vein for some five hundred
additional pages. 
Also, it is in pristine condition. 

